arialbd				c:/windows/fonts/arialbd.ttf
arialbdi			c:/windows/fonts/arialbd.ttf
arial                           c:/windows/fonts/arial.ttf
arial-bold                      c:/windows/fonts/arialbd.ttf
arial-italic                    c:/windows/fonts/ariali.ttf
arial-bold-italic               c:/windows/fonts/arialbi.ttf
arial_black                     c:/windows/fonts/ariblk.ttf
comic_sans                      c:/windows/fonts/comic.ttf
comic_sans-bold                 c:/windows/fonts/comicbd.ttf
courier                         c:/windows/fonts/cour.ttf
courier-bold                    c:/windows/fonts/courbd.ttf
courier-italic                  c:/windows/fonts/couri.ttf
courier-bold-italic             c:/windows/fonts/courbi.ttf
crime				c:/windows/fonts/esri_8.ttf
georgia                         c:/windows/fonts/georgia.ttf
georgia-bold                    c:/windows/fonts/georgiab.ttf
georgia-italic                  c:/windows/fonts/georgiai.ttf
georgia-bold-italic             c:/windows/fonts/georgiaz.ttf
impact                          c:/windows/fonts/impact.ttf
monotype.com                    c:/windows/fonts/monotype.ttf
times                           c:/windows/fonts/times.ttf
times-bold                      c:/windows/fonts/timesbd.ttf
times-italic                    c:/windows/fonts/timesi.ttf
times-bold-italic               c:/windows/fonts/timesbi.ttf
trebuchet_ms                    c:/windows/fonts/trebuc.ttf
trebuchet_ms-bold               c:/windows/fonts/trebucbd.ttf
trebuchet_ms-italic             c:/windows/fonts/trebucit.ttf
trebuchet_ms-bold-italic        c:/windows/fonts/trebucbi.ttf
verdana                         c:/windows/fonts/verdana.ttf
verdana-bold                    c:/windows/fonts/verdanab.ttf
verdana-italic                  c:/windows/fonts/verdanai.ttf
verdana-bold-italic             c:/windows/fonts/verdanaz.ttf
